Default param values for SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE (#817)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

delivered multiple times.  Like SUBSCRIBE, EndGroup MUST specify the
same or a later object than StartGroup and StartObject.

> If a parameter was included in SUBSCRIBE and is not present in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a parameter is included in `SUBSCRIBE` but not in `SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE`, its value remains unchanged. Parameters cannot be removed from a subscription.```

> If a parameter was included in SUBSCRIBE and is not present in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a parameter is included in `SUBSCRIBE` but not in `SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE`, its value 
remains unchanged. Parameters cannot be removed from a subscription.
```
